Update cloud-seats-and-users.md (#3551)
fishtown-analytics/docs.getdbt.com: website/docs/docs/cloud/manage-access/cloud-seats-and-users.md

<TabItem value="enterprise" label="Enterprise plans">

> If you're on an Enterprise plans and have the correct [permissions](/docs/cloud/manage-access/enterprise-permissions), you can add or remove licenses by adjusting your user seat count (an IT license won't count towards seat usage): 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you're on an Enterprise plan and have the correct [permissions](/docs/cloud/manage-access/enterprise-permissions), you can add or remove licenses by adjusting your user seat count. Note, an IT license does not count toward seat usage.
```
